README.md, before:

# todolist backend
 Rust backend using SurrealDB and Rocket.rs for my todolist app, 21/03/2025 -> 

## Documentation

### Data Structures (src/model)

#### ToDoTask
Represents each ToDo Task
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone, serde::Serialize, serde::Deserialize)]
/// Represents a ToDo task
/// with an ID, title, description, completion status, and timestamps.
/// id: Unique identifier for the task given by SurrealDB
/// title: Title of the task
/// description: Optional description of the task
/// completed_at: Optional timestamp indicating when the task was completed, if is None then the task is assumed to be uncompleted
/// created_at: Timestamp indicating when the task was created
pub struct ToDoTask {
    pub id: String,
    pub title: String,
    pub description: Option<String>,
    pub completed_at: Option<String>,
    pub created_at: Option<String>,
}
```

### Database (src/database)

#### Connecting to the database 
The function `connect()` connects the static variable `DB` to the database.
```rust
pub async fn connect() -> () { /* clipped */ }
```

#### Setting up the database
The function `create_all()` creates all necessary tables in the database.
```rust
pub async fn create_all() -> () { /* clipped */ }
```

#### Error Types

##### DBCreateError
The error type which will be returned when creating a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBCreateError {
    Permissions(String),
    AlreadyExists(String),
    BadData(String),
    Other(String)
}

```

##### DBEditError
The error type which will be returned when editing a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBEditError {
    Permissions(String),
    NotFound(String),
    BadData(String),
    Other(String)
}
```

##### DBReadError
The error type which will be returned when reading a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBReadError {
    Permissions(String),
    NotFound(String),
    Other(String),
}

```
### API routes

## The Plan

Commit message:

Add a function for creating ToDoTasks in the database

README.md, after:

# todolist backend
 Rust backend using SurrealDB and Rocket.rs for my todolist app, 21/03/2025 -> 

## Documentation

### Data Structures (src/model)

#### ToDoTask
Represents each ToDo Task
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone, serde::Serialize, serde::Deserialize)]
/// Represents a ToDo task
/// with an ID, title, description, completion status, and timestamps.
/// id: Unique identifier for the task given by SurrealDB
/// title: Title of the task
/// description: Optional description of the task
/// completed_at: Optional timestamp indicating when the task was completed, if is None then the task is assumed to be uncompleted
/// created_at: Timestamp indicating when the task was created
pub struct ToDoTask {
    pub id: String,
    pub title: String,
    pub description: Option<String>,
    pub completed_at: Option<String>,
    pub created_at: Option<String>,
}
```

### Database (src/database)

#### Connecting to the database 
The function `connect()` connects the static variable `DB` to the database.
```rust
pub async fn connect() -> () { /* clipped */ }
```

#### Setting up the database
The function `create_all()` creates all necessary tables in the database.
```rust
pub async fn create_all() -> () { /* clipped */ }
```

#### Creating ToDoTasks
To create ToDoTasks this function should be used. 
CURRENTLY UNTESTED
```rust
pub async fn create_task(
    title: String,
    description: Option<String>,
    completed_at: Option<String>,
    created_at: Option<String>,
) -> Result<ToDoTask, DBCreateError> { /* snipped */ }
```

#### Error Types

##### DBCreateError
The error type which will be returned when creating a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBCreateError {
    Permissions(String),
    AlreadyExists(String),
    BadData(String),
    Other(String)
}

```

##### DBEditError
The error type which will be returned when editing a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBEditError {
    Permissions(String),
    NotFound(String),
    BadData(String),
    Other(String)
}
```

##### DBReadError
The error type which will be returned when reading a task in the database.
The String field should contain more information about the error
```rust
#[derive(Debug, Clone)]
pub enum DBReadError {
    Permissions(String),
    NotFound(String),
    Other(String),
}

```
### API routes

## The Plan
